Add mentor notes for csharp track isogram (#1198)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/csharp/exercises/isogram/mentoring.md

### Reasonable solutions

#### without using `LINQ` 

```csharp
using System;

public static class Isogram
{
    public static bool IsIsogram(string word)
    {
        // Ignore spaces, hyphens, regard uppercase as lower.
        string trimmedInput = word.Trim().Replace(" ", "").Replace("-", "").ToLower();
        foreach (char c in trimmedInput)
        {
            if (trimmedInput.IndexOf(c) != trimmedInput.LastIndexOf(c))
                return false;
        }

        return true;
    }
}
```

#### using `LINQ`

```csharp
using System;
using System.Linq;

public static class Isogram
{
    public static bool IsIsogram(string word)
    {
        // Ignore spaces, hyphens, regard uppercase as lower.

>         var trimmedInput = word.ToLower().ToCharArray().Where(Char.IsLetter);

Author: true, done

>         return trimmedInput.Distinct().Count() == trimmedInput.Count();

Author: yes, this was the reason why I switched the order earlier to make it more readable (comparing Count() with Count()). But it is true, it's better. Done

    }
}
```

### Common suggestions

- In the non LINQ version, try to use a single loop

> - Using LINQ next suggestions could be made:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using LINQ, the following suggestions can be made:
```

>   * each element of the string should be a letter (in this way we avoid checking for space or '-')

Reviewer: Good suggestion, maybe a slight rewording:

```suggestion
  * To make things easier, try only processing the string's letters (in this way we avoid checking for spaces or '-').
```

Reviewer: This was marked as resolved, but I did not see any change. Was that deliberate?

Author: sorry, I have simply missed it. I've just committed it now.

Reviewer: No problem! It's easy to miss things when there are a bunch of comments.

>   * without making any iteration, _distinct_ method helps to enforce the letter uniqueness, and find the isogram   

Reviewer: Small suggestion:

```suggestion
  * Suggest using the `Distinct()` method to help calculate the uniqueness of the letters.
```

> ### Talking points

Reviewer: As there are no talking point, I would suggest to remove this header.

Author: sure, done
